README.md, before:

# We are team Sassy Wasp Hunters

### Explore our Saas notes App – Your central platform for capturing and curating all your essential ideas!
![Welcome to our app where your ideas and tasks are stored for efficient organization!](https://i.imgur.com/XIpqtqv.png)


### Visit App and Testing Documentation:
Please visit and explore the hosted app here [SaaS Notes App](https://leons-notes-app-client.fly.dev/) 

Please read detailed project documentation here [SaaS Note App Documentation](https://www.notion.so/Ascend-SaaS-Notes-Documentation-Notes-c108933b15db4944a97d95c4c0882236?pvs=4)

### App Description:
When users visit the [SaaS App](https://leons-notes-app-client.fly.dev/) they can choose to log in or sign up as a new user. Once logged into the app users are prompted to begin entering tasks or notes they'd like to save. Users can then cross out said tasks/notes as needed and delete each individual one.

Languages/Frameworks/Environments: REACT | JS | NODE | Wasp| SaaS| Tailwind | Docker | WSL2 | PostgreSQL | Cypress

#### Team:
- Amaury Silverio
- Charles De Farias
- Danny Garcia
- Dionne Rodrigues
- Jasmine Moore
- Zrybea Whitfield

<hr>

### Most Challenging part
- Despite the fact that the goal is to simplify and streamline app creation, setting up and understanding Wasp was difficult at first. The way the files are structured and the way the magic works is relatively unique but isn't very self-explanatory, even with their relatively good documentation. 
<hr>

### Most enjoyable part
- Once the initial setup was complete, the documentation had been read and a few errors were out of the way, it was quite enjoyable how quickly we went from nothing to a functioning app. It was also particularly enjoyable how little work we had to do in regards to styling to get things to look the way we want.
<hr>

### How would we improve this project?
- There's a lot of room for improvement on this project, even if we were to keep the scope hyper-limited to just a simple note-taking app. These improvements would include basic code refactoring for best practices and cleaner, more legible and well commented code, as well as the removal or at least hiding and commenting of the many features of wasp we didn't end up needing and likely never will with such a simple app. On the other hand, it would be a fun challenge to find a way to use the AI feature that comes baked in with Wasp, for example, like automatically organize and tag user submitted notes.  A less complicated set of features would also be an easy improvement here, like the ability to pin user generated notes and to see & interact with others notes. Additionally, we would impliment more testing for specific funtionality like CRUD. We would also have liked to add end to end testing. 

Perhaps the most glaring current room for improvement is actually expanding this so it feels like a full note-app and not just a todo/task app
<hr>

### What have we learned while using Wasp for this project?
-Documentation is king. While readable and well-structured code is ideal, this project really struck home the importance of good documentation. What at first seemed like an illegible mess proved to be a well-made and intentionally structured tool once we read through the documentation. The documentation was a great help even though its clear they still have much work to do on it still.
-In a world of more and more new tools like wasp that do many things at once and make it look easy: this experience was a great reminder that this comes with downsides as well. The lack of control, familiarity and understanding that came with using such a tool wasn't insurmountable, but absolutely something we'll be factoring in going forwards before choosing to use any such atool for a temporary or infrequent problem.
-Sometimes using a tool to make things faster and easier results in such a steep learning curve that you don't save any time, especially if it's a limited use case or if the tool does a lot more than you actually need. 
-Join the community! Our learning curve became a whole lot more managable once we joined the Wasp discord. Even without talking to anybody directly, we immediately got great value just from searching through their discord for specific and relevant  information.
-Fixing it once isn't enough, whenever we have it running, we need to test it out on different peoples environments to see if there isn't something we're missing, which especially happened when we were setting up the tests
<hr>
This project had it's many challenges with understanding Wasp and the new ways to simplify the full-stack build. This wasp project and tool was very different from anything we've worked with before and we're quite proud of the result considering this is only a week after being introduced to wasp. While we'd like to take all the credit, this is also a testament to the utility and ease of use that comes with this tool.

Our [SaaS App Documentation](https://www.notion.so/Ascend-Notes-Documentation-29f35195934c41ccb28cb9b920610432?pvs=4) is clear and concise for both Mac and Windows users! Writing our documentation helped us better understand the structure of this project in order to piece it together. 
<hr>

### Images

![login and landing page](images/wasp%20doc/view1login.png)
![Signup Page](images/wasp%20doc/view2signup.png)
![signup validation](images/wasp%20doc/view3signupvalidation.png)
![Logged in veiw](images/wasp%20doc/view4LoggedIn.png)
![New Note](images/wasp%20doc/view5newNote.png)
![Crossed out note](images/wasp%20doc/view6crossedtask.png)

![](documentation.svg)

Commit message:

added github page for documentation

README.md, after:

# We are team Sassy Wasp Hunters

### Explore our Saas notes App – Your central platform for capturing and curating all your essential ideas!
![Welcome to our app where your ideas and tasks are stored for efficient organization!](https://i.imgur.com/XIpqtqv.png)


### Visit App and Testing Documentation:
Please visit and explore the hosted app here [SaaS Notes App](https://leons-notes-app-client.fly.dev/) 

Please read detailed project documentation on notion here [SaaS Note App Documentation](https://www.notion.so/Ascend-SaaS-Notes-Documentation-Notes-c108933b15db4944a97d95c4c0882236?pvs=4) or on github page here [Saas Notes Documentation](https://charlesdefarias.github.io/documentation.html)

### App Description:
When users visit the [SaaS App](https://leons-notes-app-client.fly.dev/) they can choose to log in or sign up as a new user. Once logged into the app users are prompted to begin entering tasks or notes they'd like to save. Users can then cross out said tasks/notes as needed and delete each individual one.

Languages/Frameworks/Environments: REACT | JS | NODE | Wasp| SaaS| Tailwind | Docker | WSL2 | PostgreSQL | Cypress

#### Team:
- Amaury Silverio
- Charles De Farias
- Danny Garcia
- Dionne Rodrigues
- Jasmine Moore
- Zrybea Whitfield

<hr>

### Most Challenging part
- Despite the fact that the goal is to simplify and streamline app creation, setting up and understanding Wasp was difficult at first. The way the files are structured and the way the magic works is relatively unique but isn't very self-explanatory, even with their relatively good documentation. 
<hr>

### Most enjoyable part
- Once the initial setup was complete, the documentation had been read and a few errors were out of the way, it was quite enjoyable how quickly we went from nothing to a functioning app. It was also particularly enjoyable how little work we had to do in regards to styling to get things to look the way we want.
<hr>

### How would we improve this project?
- There's a lot of room for improvement on this project, even if we were to keep the scope hyper-limited to just a simple note-taking app. These improvements would include basic code refactoring for best practices and cleaner, more legible and well commented code, as well as the removal or at least hiding and commenting of the many features of wasp we didn't end up needing and likely never will with such a simple app. On the other hand, it would be a fun challenge to find a way to use the AI feature that comes baked in with Wasp, for example, like automatically organize and tag user submitted notes.  A less complicated set of features would also be an easy improvement here, like the ability to pin user generated notes and to see & interact with others notes. Additionally, we would impliment more testing for specific funtionality like CRUD. We would also have liked to add end to end testing. 

Perhaps the most glaring current room for improvement is actually expanding this so it feels like a full note-app and not just a todo/task app
<hr>

### What have we learned while using Wasp for this project?
-Documentation is king. While readable and well-structured code is ideal, this project really struck home the importance of good documentation. What at first seemed like an illegible mess proved to be a well-made and intentionally structured tool once we read through the documentation. The documentation was a great help even though its clear they still have much work to do on it still.
-In a world of more and more new tools like wasp that do many things at once and make it look easy: this experience was a great reminder that this comes with downsides as well. The lack of control, familiarity and understanding that came with using such a tool wasn't insurmountable, but absolutely something we'll be factoring in going forwards before choosing to use any such atool for a temporary or infrequent problem.
-Sometimes using a tool to make things faster and easier results in such a steep learning curve that you don't save any time, especially if it's a limited use case or if the tool does a lot more than you actually need. 
-Join the community! Our learning curve became a whole lot more managable once we joined the Wasp discord. Even without talking to anybody directly, we immediately got great value just from searching through their discord for specific and relevant  information.
-Fixing it once isn't enough, whenever we have it running, we need to test it out on different peoples environments to see if there isn't something we're missing, which especially happened when we were setting up the tests
<hr>
This project had it's many challenges with understanding Wasp and the new ways to simplify the full-stack build. This wasp project and tool was very different from anything we've worked with before and we're quite proud of the result considering this is only a week after being introduced to wasp. While we'd like to take all the credit, this is also a testament to the utility and ease of use that comes with this tool.

Our [SaaS App Documentation](https://www.notion.so/Ascend-Notes-Documentation-29f35195934c41ccb28cb9b920610432?pvs=4) is clear and concise for both Mac and Windows users! Writing our documentation helped us better understand the structure of this project in order to piece it together. 
<hr>

### Images

![login and landing page](images/wasp%20doc/view1login.png)
![Signup Page](images/wasp%20doc/view2signup.png)
![signup validation](images/wasp%20doc/view3signupvalidation.png)
![Logged in veiw](images/wasp%20doc/view4LoggedIn.png)
![New Note](images/wasp%20doc/view5newNote.png)
![Crossed out note](images/wasp%20doc/view6crossedtask.png)

![](documentation.svg)
